What kind of basketball shots results in the most points in the long term? Being able to answer this question will help basketball coaches and players everywhere edge out competitors by taking these kinds of shots.  With my cleaned dataset, I am able to plot out these variables against each other or against shot percentage and, in doing so, find out which shots produce the most points in the long run.
My cleaned dataset ended up having 9 columns that can be used to predict whether or not the shot was made.  I started examining my data by first comparing the percentage of shots made for 2 pointers and 3 pointers.  I used a barplot for it because it is an easy way to see the difference between the two kinds of shots.  As expected, 2 point shots have a much higher shot percentage (at about 49%) compared to 3 point shots (at about 35%).  A bar graph is helpful in this situation because it allows us to visually see that 3 point shots are made about 67% times as much as 2 point shots.  With my dataset as large as it is, a t-test is not needed to know that this difference is not only statistically significant, but also practically significant.
Interestingly, despite the disparity in percentage of shots made, the 3 point shots would result in more points in the long run.  These shots would result in an average of 3 * .35 = 1.05 points per shot, while the 2 point shots would result in an average of 2 * .49 = .98 points per shot.
Afterwards, I decided to create scatterplots for my variables that have many different values, as scatterplots with a few values would not make sense.  These variables are my continuous variables, shot_clock, touch_time, shot_dist, and close_def_dist, and dribbles.  I opted to not use game_clock as it is it generally would not affect a shot too much unless the game clock is very low.
With so many data points, it is hard to see every single point for both kinds of shot results, but it can be assumed that there are many points where the shot was not made within predominantly orange sections.  The sections that are predominantly blue indicate shots with much more misses than makes, and these are the shots that players and coaches should generally avoid taking.
A few things to note are:
1. Dribbles and touch time before the shot seem to have a strong correlation, which makes sense as taking more dribbles naturally increases your touch time.  Of note are the shots with no dribbles but a long touch time.  These kinds of shots signify a player holding the ball for a while without moving, leading to stagnant offense and out of rhythm shots, so it makes sense that these shots are predominantly missed.
2. Shot_clock seems to very closely follow a normal distribution.  Also, it seems that shots taken when the shot clock is close to 0 has a much lower chance of going in.  This makes sense as these last second shots are typically very rushed.
3. Not surprisingly, the greater the shot distance, the lower the chance that the shot will go in.  This is shown by the fact that the bar plot has a longer orange (made shots) bar with a lower distance and a longer blue bar with higher distances.
4. The shots that are taken where the distance of the closest defender is very large seem to have a very high shot percentage.  This makes sense as these cases are usually when the opposing team turns the ball over so the other team is able to dribble down the court with no defenders nearby, leading to very open shots.
Afterwards, I proceeded to examine the rest of the variables, which are shot number and period.  I proceeded to use a line plot for shot number and a bar plot for the period and found the following:
1. The shot number generally does not affect whether or not the shot was made up until maybe around shot 19.  This could be due to the fact that there is so much less data for shots after a certain point.  After shot 19, the percentage of shots made seems to vary more drastically, and even more so after shot 31. 
2. The percentage of shot made does not vary too much within the first 4 quarters, though the 4th period seems to have lower shot percentage.  The overtime periods (5,6, and 7) all have lower percentages, with periods 5 and 7 being much lower.  Their total amount of shots taken at 911 and 43 represents a decent size.  Furthermore, in an overtime period, players are much more tired compared to the first 4 quarters, so their shot percentages should naturally drop. 
        All of these variables may need further investigation to see if their extremely high values occurs frequently enough to warrant statistical significance.