After doing some exploratory data analysis, I am diving deeper into the data for more information on what may have the biggest impact on shot percentage.  To do so, I am plotting the variables from the scatterplots against shot percentage.  Because the majority of these variables are continuous, I am going to ‘bin’ them using pandas’ ‘cut’ function.  Furthermore, I am looking at how many observations contain outliers an any of the variables, as variables with huge values may affect the significance of any visual trends seen.
        By looking at all the plots, I see that the variables with extremely obvious effects on shot percentage are points type and shot distance.  In the plot of shot percentage by shot distance, I see an obvious decrease in percentage as the distance increases.  This decrease is large enough to be significant, even with the small sample sizes at larger distances.  The bar plot of points type against shot result also shows an obvious difference.
        Other variables have an effect on shot percentage, though they are less obvious.  These variables are shot number, closest defender distance, shot clock, dribbles, and touch time.  Plotting these variables against shot percentage, for the most part, show slight changes in shot percentage for the most part, and then some drastic changes the higher the variable becomes.  These shot percentage changes are so drastic mainly because of the low frequency of observations with variables at that high magnitude and, therefore, is not enough evidence to prove statistical significance.  However, the variable as a whole still has an impact on the shot percentage.
 The only sense of correlation between independent variables occur with touch time and dribbles.  There is definitely a strong relationship between touch time and shot result, which could present troubles in a final model.  However, the correlation is far from perfect, and there are plenty of observations with a long touch time, but no dribbles, so it would be ok to use both in a final model.